In this video we will learn about displaying the digits of a number from reverse.
If any number is given then we are going to display the digits now compared to the previous topics.
Previous videos if you see there is a change in the procedure.
Little change in the procedure.
And based on this procedure we are going to see a couple of problems on this one so let us start the
topic see there is a number here 1 7 2 4.
We want to display 4 2 7 1.
So how to change it.
How to get the values from there.
So we should get the value 4 separately two separately 7 and 1 each digit we want separately.
How do we get the digits.
Let us see see the number is 1 7 2 4.
I want to get the last digit.
How we can get the last digit.
So if I take mod by ten you get the last digit.
So remember this, this logic.
You remember this.
This procedure,  if any number is there.
You perform mod 1 7 2 4 mod 10 this number gets divided about 10 and the remainder is 4.
So this gives the remainder four that so you can get a digit.
How are you going to get two.
So you can't get two now right.
If you're mod by 100 you'll get 24 you will not get two for getting that two let us make two as
the last digit.
How to Make two as a last digit remove four, how to remove four.
1 7 2 4 divided by 10 divided by ten is 1 7 2. 4.
No no integer division you remember integer division will truncate that decimal part and it gives
1 7 2.
That's it.
So now the number has reduced to one hundred and seventy two it was one thousand seven hundred twenty
four.
No it is one hundred and seventy two.
So you have two at the last.
How to get two again mod by 10.
again  od by 10 again the number of will be reduced when you divide it by 10.
So this way we can take out the digits one by one.
So yes that procedure I have shown here this is the basic idea I gave you.
No let us do it as a procedure let us do it.
This is a no.
How do get four, perform n mod ten and take it as a remainder.
So this is a remainder, remainder is four right. first time remainder is 4.
How did you get this 172 change the number to 172 so divide the number by 10 and make it as a number
only again.
Again no.
Now in the next step it is 172 mod by ten, we get last digit 2 then divide the number 172 by
by ten so it becomes seventeen then in the next step seventeen mod ten seven seventeen divided
by ten= one the next step.
That one is carried, that one mod 10
it is one, one divided by 10, 0 times, the remainder is one.
Then divide one by 10 0 times 0.
Now this became zero stop.
So next step if you see the number is zero.
So stop.
So this is how we can perform the steps repeatedly and we can get the digits from the end of a number
from the right hand side of a number.
And we can display them, just we want digits right from right side or left side.
Doesn't matter which want digits.
So we got the digits that are 4 2 7 1.
That's it.
Let us see the flow chart for that one.
Already I have a flow chart flow chart starts.
Let us take a number.
Let us see them what is 1 7 2 4.
this is repeating.
So this is using a loop, using a loop, which loop we will see afterwards.
If n is a greater than 0 yes we have to stop, run and  become 0 so if n is greater than zero
if
True there are two things you have to do.
take mod as a remainder,  divide the number by 10 reduce it by removing larger digit reduce
this one.
Then these numbers we want to print them. so print them, after printing  continue again check if the number
is greater than zero again perform these two again and again continue continue.
How long.
As long as n is  greater than zero when to stop? when n becomes zero.
So if n has became zero means it's not a greater than zero falls.
So stop.
This is the procedure.
So this is how we can mod and divide and print.
So these are steps we have to write three steps are there in a loop.
These are the processing part and this is the printing part.
so output so these three steps are there inside a loop.
Right now is it using for loop.
We have already seen few programs previously in the previous videos there I was there counter was there
is there any content.
No no.
can i write using for loop also? yes.
Shall I write.
No.
Don't write it.
for means
If you have the number of times then use it it's better.
So how to write this one while or do while.
So okay I will use while loop, let us write it using while loop.
So start take one no. read a number, is already there, how many variables are required n and r
only two variables required.
n and r then this is the beginning of the loop condition is there.
So what is the condition while.
n is greater than zero.
OK.
If I write > 0 what to do.
Find out remainder and divide that number by 10.
Find out the remainder n mod 10 and divide the number by ten and divided by ten then what
to do.
Print that r.
so I will use a c out
and after this I give endl so that every digit comes in the next line so I should get the o/p like these
this 4 first then two then 7 then 1.
Then after this close again it goes to while.
So close this loop then there is nothing after that to close the program.
So here you have to write return zero you know it well, this is the program for displaying the digits of a
number from reverse.
So this is the program.
There is a coding exercise available for this one complete that and also demo is there so
can watch that demo and  write the program by yourself on your P.C. like a complete program and check
it.
So is the basics of programming.
If you are used to this one, if you are good in this one then you can solve new problems by yourself.
New programs you can write down right.
And not just one time if possible.
I write this program more than one time so that you could be able to write it without taking any help.
You should be able to write the program by yourself so this doesn't come just by one time so do it again
and again right.
So whenever you are free, you try the program.
So if you want to learn programming you have to spend more time in practice. now in the next video.
The topic will be using same procedure so I will not remove this.
It will be as it is.
So let us look at our next program and next video.